Enhance mobile standards with async processing guidelines (#20)
dimagi/open-source: docs/mobile_standards.md

- Nullable types are handled appropriately with safe calls and nullability checks.
- Use of Kotlin's built-in null safety features where necessary.

> - Change Java files to Kotlin when Java kotlin interncompability introduces un-necessary and significant booilerplate code. 

Reviewer: Very small nit here, including typo

```suggestion
- Change Java files to Kotlin when Java-Kotlin intercompatibility introduces unnecessary and significant boilerplate code. 
```
